Update README.md (#24)
refactrit/refactr-quickstart-pipelines: README.md

# Resources for Sophos Factory

> This repository contains public resources for use with [Sophos Factory](https://refactr.it/).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains public resources for use with [Sophos Factory](https://www.sophos.com/en-us/products/sophos-factory).
```
